[groovy music]
Even the toughest of warriors
need someone in their corner.
I wouldn't be who I am today
without my family behind me.
My brother is
my best friend.
To be here competing together,
it's a once-in-a-lifetime
experience.
♪ Another day, another breath ♪
That's my brother!
My Mom wanted to make sure
I was a strong woman.
[yells]
[Alex] Oh, man!
She's my superhero.
♪ I made it through
The darkest part of the night ♪
This is so close.
♪ And I will see
the sunrise ♪
♪ Now I feel glorious ♪
Yeah!
[Dwayne] It's family
that drives me,
and it drives the incredible
people in these Titan Games.
Tonight two new
never-before-seen
insane challenges
enter the Titan Arena.
[Alex] Oh, my! Look at this!
[Dwayne] We're testing
power, speed,
and most importantly, heart.
My Mom is
a huge support for me.
Go, go, go, Jackie! Go!
She's here cheering for me,
and it means the world to me.
[grunts]
Every day, I strive
to be like Tyler Lucas
'cause that's someone
you want to be like.
He's my idol.
[Alex] Absolutely incredible!
Come on, Kyle!
[Dwayne] Tonight we crown
two more Titans.
♪ I feel glorious, glorious ♪
I love you!
[dramatic music]
[Alex] Please welcome
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson!
Wow.
Welcome to The Titan Games.
Thousands of athletes
from across the country
applied to compete
in this very arena,
and only the top 64
got the chance.
Unbelievably,
two of those athletes
are brothers
with a long sibling rivalry.
Now, tonight,
they just might get the chance
to settle it once and for all.
[laughs]
To get started, let's bring out
my very good buddy,
Cari Champion.
[dramatic music]
Thank you, DJ.
Cari, we have arrived at
one of my favorite days
of the week.
-Okay.
-Uh, other than leg day,
arm day, back day, chest day,
groin day-- Please don't ask.
-Okay.
-It is Titan day.
So it's time to say it.
Let The Titan Games begin!
[dramatic music]
[Cari] We're kicking things off
with two powerful athletes.
One is making history
and changing minds
about women in NASCAR.
Can you believe that?
Meanwhile, the other
is a high school science teacher
who found her passion
and her purpose in fitness.
Let's go!
[dramatic music]
♪ Can you feel
The beating of the drum? ♪
[Cari] 24-year-old
Brehanna Daniels
holds a unique place
in history.
I've used my athleticism
to make history,
by becoming
the first African-American
female tire changer in NASCAR.
♪ It's time for war ♪
-[drill whirs]
-♪ It's time for battling... ♪
[chief] Brehanna, get ready!
I want to see this pit time
under two seconds.
The car pulls in, I start
taking those lug nuts off.
[chief] Go, go, go!
[Brehanna] The jack man
throws a new tire on.
-[chief] Move, move, move!
-And we're off to the races.
[engines roar]
I'm paving the way for other
people that look like me.
I'm just glad
I can be the example
that you should never
limit yourself.
[soft music]
[Cari] Brehanna's determination
comes from the woman
she does her best
to honor every day.
My Mom wanted to make sure
I was a strong woman.
I lost my mother
to breast cancer
when I was 14 years old.
Times that I feel like
giving up, I think about her.
[sniffles]
She's my superhero.
[Cari] Tonight,
inspired by her Mom's courage,
Brehanna hopes to make
her mark in The Titan Games.
♪ To break, to break ♪
I've already honored
my Mom by making history.
and I want to honor her
by becoming a Titan.
[cheers and applause]
[upbeat music]
[Cari] When Gina Policastro's
not in the gym,
she's in the classroom
as an earth science teacher
in New York City.
Why I picked earth science
is because, to me,
it's the most relatable.
Like, you live on Earth,
so you want to know things
about it naturally.
Fitness was something
that I always wanted to do,
but I got married
in my early 20s,
and the person
that I was married to
was very controlling.
Going to the gym
wasn't an option.
I finally realized I can
choose to live this life,
or I can choose
to live my life,
and that's really when
my fitness journey started.
[Cari] Gina began weightlifting
and CrossFit,
building the body of a Titan.
When I meet my students,
the first thing
that they're looking at
is the size of my arms
or my shoulders.
The next question
I usually get is, like,
"Can you beat up someone
on the subway?"
And I'm, like, "That's not
what I do. I do sports."
[Cari] Tonight Gina's students
get a chance
to see her put
those muscles to work.
I will be a Titan.
♪ Seize the day ♪
[cheers and applause]
Hey, everyone.
I'm Liam McHugh,
here in the skybox as always
with Alex "Goldenboy" Mendez.
And we are looking
at two powerful women
who are used to shattering
the glass ceiling.
This next challenge
should be perfect for them.
We're about to trigger
an Uprising.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] This is DJ's
ultimate challenge
for lower body
and core strength.
[Alex] The goal is to raise
a 25-pound anvil
to the top of a 30-foot tower.
Standing in your way are five
six-inch thick solid barriers.
Breaking through each slab
will require the anvil
to be moving
at 10 miles per hour.
[Liam] If you're the first
to bust through,
you're moving on
to Mount Olympus.
These two athletes
have broken through
many mental and social barriers
in their lifetime
to achieve great success.
Now it's time to break
through some physical ones.
So, Brehanna, Gina, this is
one of the most physically
demanding challenges we have,
but I personally
picked you two for it,
because I know
what you're capable of.
Show the world what you've got.
It's time for Uprising.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Brehanna in the red.
Gina in the blue.
The first sprint is on,
and Brehanna
already blasting through.
[Alex] Brehanna managed
to get through
two of those solid floors.
Whoo! Come on, Bre!
[dramatic music]
[Alex] You can just see
the anvil bringing them back.
[Liam] It lifted Gina
off the ground.
[Alex] This is
a killer cardio test.
Wind sprints with
a 25-pound anchor.
But you hear the screaming!
[Liam] Gina's
figured it out, though.
She's through
two barriers as well.
Oh, look at that. Gina gets
tripped up in all that rubble.
[grunts]
[Alex] Every time
the anvil hits a level,
all your momentum is gone.
[Liam] First two
are single barriers.
The third, it is doubled.
And check out
how close this is.
The ladies are in lockstep
right now.
Let's go!
[Alex] They need to find
another gear to break through.
[grunting]
Oh, and Gina, jumping down.
Looking for that
little added oomph.
Very smart strategy.
[Liam] Brehanna
pounding her chest.
That's her way of connecting
with her Mom.
[grunting]
Wow, let's go!
[Liam] On the other side,
Gina Policastro.
She's a New York City
public school teacher.
Don't question her toughness.
[Alex] Oh, yeah,
I was a New York City
public school student,
so I know what we put
our teachers through, Liam.
Come on, ladies. Come on.
[yells]
[Liam] And Gina nearly cracks
through that double layer.
[Alex] Brehanna--
one good push here.
She just has to dig deep.
[Liam] She's through!
Into the single barrier.
[yells]
[Alex] Now it's going to be
two more single barriers.
Gina, she's got to go
for this right now.
This little break
that Brehanna's taking,
she's got to take advantage,
and Gina does it!
Oh, man!
Now we're back
neck and neck here.
One of our toughest challenges,
and these women
are crushing it!
[yells]
-[Liam] Oh, my God!
-[Alex] The dive at the end!
Wow!
[Alex] That was a smart
strategy, to go for the dive!
She breaks through all five!
[Liam] Brehanna's still
got to push forward
-to grab that victory chain.
-[Alex] Oh, my God!
[Liam] She's got it!
[Alex] Brehanna Daniels
is your winner.
Unreal athleticism!
[Liam] She made NASCAR history.
She is here trying to make
Titan history.
She is headed to Mount Olympus.
[Alex] When Brehanna
started slowing down,
she tapped into
the memory of her Mom.
This NASCAR pioneer
found a second gear,
powered through
the last three levels,
and pulled the victory chain.
Way to leave it out there.
Look at this thing.
It is incredible, okay?
This must be
what Kevin Hart sees
when he plays
on a regular jungle gym.
Guys, it's okay.
I'm his very good friend.
Plus, it's way past
his bedtime.
He'll never see this anyway.
[laughter]
Time for the next competition.
Hi, Kevin.
[dramatic music]
[Alex] For the Vortex,
you first have to lift
the apparatus
you're about to climb,
a 25-foot chain tower.
[Liam] The key is to find
a fluid motion
that efficiently moves energy
from your legs
to your upper body.
Then, with whatever strength
you have left
in those aching arms,
you have to climb
all the way to the top.
[Alex] First one
to pull the victory chain
is headed to Mount Olympus.
[cheers and applause]
[Liam] And we have
a unique situation
here on
The Titan Games tonight.
That's Tyler Lucas.
He's an Air Force sergeant
stationed in Germany.
[Alex] And that's
his older brother, Kyle.
He's not just here
to root for Tyler.
He's also competing
later tonight.
[Liam] That means if they both
win their challenges,
we're going to have a battle
between brothers
on Mount Olympus,
and only one
can become a Titan.
[dramatic music]
My brother and I,
we're very competitive.
He's three years
older than me.
We would always
try to outdo the other
to be the most
athletic sibling.
We never got
to wrestle each other,
-Oh, that's true.
-Which is probably best
for Tyler.
I'm sure if we wrestled now,
it'd be a different outcome.
Ooh!
As a kid, I followed
in his footsteps.
Kyle played football
at Penn State.
A year later, I walked on as
a quarterback and a receiver.
♪ We got to live like giants ♪
It was a lot of fun
pushing each other
and working out together.
He is my best friend.
♪ Stand up ♪
[Cari] After college,
Tyler and Kyle
both joined the Air Force.
With Tyler stationed
in Germany
and Kyle in Colorado Springs,
family get-togethers
don't happen often.
You know I love you.
[laughter]
[Cari] But their bond
remains strong.
Not only is this a
once-in-a-lifetime experience,
but I get to do it
with my brother.
Man!
We never actually competed
head-to-head in sports.
Now it's finally a chance
for us to go head-to-head
and settle who is
the more athletic brother.
[Tyler] I came out here
from Germany.
I made this trip to compete.
I didn't fly 15 hours
to come out here to lose.
♪ We live like giants ♪
I will be a Titan.
[cheers and applause]
[Liam] Oh, man, that matchup
would be amazing.
But first,
Tyler needs to get past
a monstrous opponent.
[Alex] Julian Stewart
is a powerhouse
who isn't afraid of hard work.
[dramatic music]
[Cari] Many of our athletes
work long hours
on demanding jobs.
278-pound Julian Stewart
is a security guard,
and a real estate agent
and a personal trainer,
a nutritionist, a youth coach,
and a house painter.
That's right, six jobs.
And he and his wife
also have four children.
[soft music]
It's not easy.
There are often days
throughout the weeks
to where I'm up
for 24, 36 hours at a time
before I get to actually sleep.
Whoo!
But at the end of the day,
you go home,
and you look at your family...
-Go!
-and that gives me
all the-- the energy
and strength that I need.
[grunts]
Come on! Let's go, baby!
[laughter]
I can't get to the gym
seven days a week
like a lot of guys can,
but I love putting the ladder
on the back of the house
and then climbing up
the ladder on the reverse side.
And then I have about
a 250-pound paint machine
that I have to lift.
I do whatever it takes.
I'm a warrior. I battle.
When I put on
my super dad cape,
it's time to go to work.
I'm going to win for myself.
I'm going to win
for my family.
[cheers and applause]
[Liam] We have two
of the biggest competitors
on The Titan Games
facing off
on the world debut
of the Vortex.
[Alex] And no surprise,
both these guys
played football
back in college.
[Liam] Tyler played
at Penn State,
Julian at Eastern Washington.
Let's throw it to our Miami
Hurricane, Dwayne Johnson.
Because it is
all about the U.
Our competitors have been
grinding it out for years
in the gym and certainly
in their everyday lives.
So, Tyler, Julian,
the world's about to see
why I chose you both
to be here.
This is your moment.
This is Vortex.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Tyler in the blue.
Julian in the red.
Attack those chains,
and raise the tower.
The faster you pull,
the faster it rises.
-Then, you can climb.
-[grunts]
[Alex] Yeah, Tyler's
staying low with quick pulls.
Julian's leaning
with longer strokes.
He's 278 pounds of raw power.
But you got to wonder
how he's going to fare
when he manages
to bring that gate down
and start to climb the Vortex.
[Liam] You know he's not
going to stop working.
Father of four, works six jobs
to support them.
Whoo! Pull, baby! Pull!
[Liam] Julian's tower
is about halfway up.
Tyler needs about
ten more feet to the top.
[Alex]
Look at Tyler's technique.
He's getting low so his arms
are right in line
with the chain.
That's a smart move.
[Liam] He's bracing
with his legs,
and that transfers power up
through his core to help pull.
Let's go, Tyler! There we go!
[grunts]
[Liam] His chain tower is up,
and his gate goes down.
Now it's time to climb 25 feet
up to that victory chain.
[grunts]
[Alex] And here comes Julian!
Here's the problem.
The muscles they need to climb
are the same ones
they just shredded
raising the tower.
[grunts]
Despite the lead
that Tyler had,
he hasn't been able
to make much progress.
Julian is quick on his tail.
And, Liam, we know
he has plenty of experience
climbing ladders.
[Liam] He's going for
that steel rod approach.
A little bit more secure.
It may not be the fastest
or straightest route up, but
it's definitely the steadier.
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
[Alex] Tyler picked
the steady path, too.
He's not going to risk it.
He's getting closer!
Tyler Lucas
is right there, Liam!
[Liam] He flew 6,000 miles
for a chance
to face his big brother...
-Come on, Tyler, come on.
-and he knows
he is just mere feet away from
pulling that victory chain.
[Alex] Julian is
not far behind.
[grunts]
But Tyler is reaching
for the chain!
He's got it!
Whoo! That's my brother!
Whoo! Let's go, Tyler!
-[Alex] What a run!
-Let's go, baby!
Tyler Lucas,
he came to compete.
He came to win.
[Liam] And no surprise,
first place Tyler goes
is to his big brother
and best friend.
And later tonight,
he'll be on Mount Olympus.
You did it! You did it!
you did it!
Whoo!
And that's where there's a
chance he could be facing Kyle
if he wins his match tonight.
[dramatic music]
So here's what I want
to do right now.
Give everybody
around the world an idea
of how energetic
this Titan Arena is.
I'ma point to this side,
you guys scream, "Sexiest."
[cheers and applause]
Here we go.
[all] Sexiest!
-"Man alive."
-[all] Man alive!
[laughter]
Yes, and I am known worldwide
for my modesty, clearly.
It is time for our next battle.
Come on!
In this battle,
two absolute powerhouses.
One's a mom and a nurse
who can dead lift
over three times her weight.
That's her body weight.
The other is a swim coach
who transformed herself
mentally and physically.
[groovy music]
Jackie Wood is most at home
in the water,
and she makes a living
as a kid's swim coach.
You can do it.
I'll help you.
I absolutely love
swim coaching.
My kiddos are
the light to my day.
Good luck, Coach Jackie!
Let's go, Jackie!
They inspire me, motivate me.
The name of my business
is Swim Strong Academy.
I want them all to grow up
and be strong and confident.
[Cari] Jackie has
struggled herself
with low self-confidence
and, oftentimes, depression.
I have had
to overcome self-doubt.
It put me
in a pretty dark place,
staying in bed
and not taking care of myself.
As a mother,
it was really painful
for me to see you be
in that dark place.
My Mom is my biggest fan
and pulled me out
of my darkness
and has made me into
the competitor that I am today.
Winning The Titan Games
would mean
getting rid
of all my self-doubt,
period.
♪ Now not dead, not done ♪
♪ We shall overcome ♪
[upbeat music]
[Cari] Kelsey Horton spends
her days taking care of others,
both at her job as a nurse
in South Dakota
and as a mother of two.
-I love you.
-Love you, too.
[Cari] But after
she puts her kids to bed,
her inner Titan takes over.
♪ We came to conquer
We came to win ♪
I really, really get excited
when I step through
that threshold of the gym
and that switch turns on
and I can go beast mode.
I'm very competitive.
I absolutely hate to lose.
I want to prove that whatever
it is, I can tackle it,
I can do it,
and I can do it well.
I may seem like a sweet and
innocent nurse, mom, and wife
from South Dakota,
but I'm here to be a Titan.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
[cheers and applause]
[Liam] Kelsey and Jackie
are about to take
their shot on the Vortex.
Let's get things cranking, DJ.
Jackie, Kelsey,
leave it all out on the line,
and just know
that we're all behind you.
This is Vortex.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Jackie in the blue.
Kelsey in the red.
Crank those chains back,
and raise that chain tower.
[Alex] Oh, man, and it is
a full body workout,
this challenge,
Because not only
are you working
your upper body here, Liam,
but then,
once you bring the tower up,
guess what?
You got to work those legs.
[Liam] Kelsey
seems to have found
a little bit of a rhythm here.
She's using those shorter,
quicker pulls.
Let's go, Kelsey!
You can do it! Let's go!
[Alex] On the other side,
Coach Jackie's
taking longer strokes.
[grunts]
She's got a four-inch
reach advantage
and a slight lead.
She's looking
to make mama proud.
Oh, my God.
Come on! Let's go!
Coach Jackie
has a smooth backstroke.
[Liam] Both women
are slowing down.
Their back, arm, and shoulder
muscles losing steam.
Which is why Kelsey is bending
and pressing back
with her legs.
[Alex] Just a few more feet,
and those towers are up.
[grunts]
[Liam] And now,
Jackie's gate goes down.
That means her tower is up.
[Alex] Yeah, things only
get tougher from here.
There's no easy way
to reach Mount Olympus.
[Liam] Does she go
on those fixed rods,
which is more of
a diagonal run,
or does she take
on the chain-link
and try to climb straight up?
At this point,
it becomes problem solving.
[grunts]
And now here comes Kelsey.
[Dwayne] These ladies
are gassed.
That fatigue
is setting in right now.
This is so difficult.
[grunts]
[Alex] You start
to grab on to the chain,
and then things start
to get a little wobbly.
Your arms feel like spaghetti.
Jackie's going backwards.
She's back on the ground,
and Kelsey just took the lead!
Come on, don't give up.
Let's go, Jackie.
Come on! You got this!
[grunts]
[Liam] Kelsey describes herself
as a sweet, nurturing nurse,
but she's capable
of flipping the switch
-and going beast mode.
-There you go.
And even though
Jackie started climbing first,
Goldenboy,
you can see how quickly
things can change
on the Vortex.
[Alex] Every muscle
they need to climb,
they just shredded
to pull this tower up.
[Liam] And Kelsey seems
to be finding her path.
Remember, this is someone
who works all day as a nurse,
comes home,
puts the kids to bed,
and then,
she's going in, powerlifting,
so she's not gonna get
too exhausted.
She's going to keep going.
She's making her way up.
Let me tell you, after I'm
done with work for the day,
I go home,
and I play video games,
so clearly these people
are just in another world.
[Liam] Same amount of exertion.
And now Coach Jackie's
evened this up.
-Climb it! Come on!
-This is so close.
[Alex] They are going
through a war right now,
and look at Jackie
hooking her arm under,
engaging her bicep,
a muscle that might have
a little power left.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Jackie, she's
right near the top now.
What a comeback,
but Kelsey is so close.
[grunts]
[Alex] This is
absolutely incredible!
Kelsey is right there,
but Jackie
pulls the victory chain!
[cheers and applause]
And that was a slugfest,
but my goodness, Liam.
You could not have asked
for a more grueling,
more insane competition
than what we saw.
[Liam] The reaction from
Jackie's mother, Jeanne,
says it all.
Jackie,
down at the bottom behind,
found her way up top.
Now on her way
to Mount Olympus
as her Mom looks on.
When Jackie fell behind,
that self-doubt
must have crept back in,
but she powered through,
and Mom knows
just how much that means.
And Jackie will face off
with NASCAR pioneer
Brehanna Daniels for
the chance to become a Titan
and continue on
in this competition.
Oh, you almost had it.
-You almost had it.
-Thank you.
-Thanks for giving it your all.
-Hey, thank you for having us.
-You did great.
-This has been
absolutely amazing.
What can I say except
♪ you're welcome? ♪
Oh, thank you!
My daughter will love that.
Awesome, well,
tell your daughter I said hello,
and thank you for doing this.
-Thank you so much.
-You did great.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Welcome back
to Titan Arena.
And now it's time for
the next Lucas brother
to take his turn.
Right there in red is
Air Force sergeant Kyle Lucas.
Earlier, we saw Kyle's
younger brother, Tyler,
win his match.
[Alex] And now he's in the
stands, hoping Kyle will win
and join him on Mount Olympus
so they can settle
their lifelong
sibling rivalry.
As kids,
we were super competitive
in wrestling, football,
just anything in general.
We're still competitive now.
My whole life, my Mom
has always been, like,
"Your brother
looks up to you,"
and now it's flipped.
I look up to him,
and that just drives me
to be better.
[dramatic music]
He's my idol, and every day,
I strive to be
like Tyler Lucas,
because that's someone
you want to be like.
I'm going to win Titan Games,
and prove that I belong
with the best of the best.
[cheers and applause]
[Liam] If Kyle
wants to face Tyler,
he'll have to beat
this guy first.
Matt Welbourn also comes
from a family of athletes.
[rock music]
[Cari] Matt Welbourn's father
was an Olympian
in both pole vault and kayak.
Matt followed
in his footsteps,
becoming an elite
track-and-field athlete
before dedicating himself
to weightlifting.
Now 220 pounds,
this Colorado waiter
bears a striking resemblance
to another famous bodybuilder.
People say I look like
Arnold Schwarzenegger,
so I'll hit them
with the Arnold impression
right on the spot.
[as Schwarzenegger]
Get to the chopper!
I'm here! Kill me!
Kill me! Do it!
Dwayne, I'm going to dominate
the competition,
because I've been doing
the repetitions in the gym.
I'm getting the pump,
and nobody else
is getting the pump
like I'm doing.
I'm going to be a Titan!
[cheers and applause]
[Liam] Trying
to make Arnold proud,
it's the Titan express.
All aboard for Off the Rails.
[dramatic music]
On this long, painful trip
down the wrong side
of the tracks,
you must first pull yourself
and a 200-pound sled
along a 60-foot rail,
collecting 50-pound beams
along the way.
[Liam] By the end,
you'll be pulling 600 pounds.
Then, to get back, you'll need
precision and coordination
to hook the anchor, and reel
yourself to the victory chain.
[cheers and applause]
All right, like these guys,
I know what it's like
to grow up
in an athletic family.
It's incredibly inspiring,
but it's also challenging,
because you can't help
but compare yourself
to those closest to you.
And what I've learned
is that when it's game time,
it's not about your roots.
It's all about
what's in front of you.
So, Kyle and Matt,
your time to shine is now.
This is Off the Rails.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Matt in the blue.
Kyle in the red.
And look at Kyle go.
[Alex] Oh, Kyle falls off.
But he's back up and
still has the early lead.
[Liam] You see those
50-pound beams piling up,
200 pounds by the end.
Kyle's bending his legs,
keeping his arms in line
with the rope,
giving him more power
with each pull.
[Alex] Kyle reaches
the end first,
with Matt right on his tail.
[Liam] Turn the corner,
you're on your way back.
You don't have
the weights there,
but now you have
to use that hook.
[Alex] Oh, Kyle sent
that hook flying,
but his hook doesn't catch
anything against the rail.
[dramatic music]
It is going to be Matt
who is moving first.
He's going
for the shorter throws
and the shorter pulls.
Nice.
[Liam] The shorter throws
are safer.
If you throw long
and the hook doesn't catch,
you waste time
reeling it all the way back.
[Alex] Now Kyle
finally hooks that rail.
This airman is dying to face
his little brother
on Mount Olympus.
Let's go!
But look at Matt!
Mini-Arnold
is making a big move.
[Liam] He's only
got four ties left.
Let's go! Let's go!
[Alex] Kyle's going to have
to go for a long throw.
Time is running out.
[Liam] Kyle can't set the hook.
Come on, Kyle! Come on!
[Alex] And Matt Welbourn,
he is right there.
[dramatic music]
Kicks down the gate,
charges the victory chain!
The Titan Games
has a new Terminator.
[Liam] That's right.
The son of an Olympian
headed to Mount Olympus.
He takes down Kyle Lucas.
Next up is
Kyle's brother, Tyler.
I'm proud of you, bro.
[Liam] Lucas brothers embrace.
Kyle eliminated.
Tyler, still keeping
the dream alive
of becoming a Titan.
[Alex] This race was
all about the angles.
Kyle went for the long throws,
and had trouble getting
his hook to catch hold.
Matt went with the short hauls
and had a quicker trip
to the victory chain.
[Liam] So the Lucas Brothers
won't get the chance
to battle on Mount Olympus,
but they're standing by
with Cari.
Kyle, how are you feeling?
I couldn't be
more proud of my brother.
He is an amazing athlete,
um, you know.
He's-- He's my favorite
to win it.
Tyler, how do you feel?
Your brother is giving you
major props.
You know,
I'm very glad I got
to share
this experience with him.
And, you know, I'm going to,
you know, work my butt off
to do this for him.
[Cari] You're going to
represent the family very well.
Congratulations. You're going
to Mount Olympus,
but more importantly,
you guys love each other.
-Brotherly love.
-Those are some good boys.
[cheers and applause]
-I'm proud of you, man.
-I'm proud of you too.
Hey, you're--
you're gonna go out there,
You're gonna kill this.
[dramatic music]
Earlier tonight,
four athletes persevered
through physical grit
and sheer determination.
But to actually become a Titan,
you need to conquer
this monster.
It's seven grueling
physical trials
that can propel you
to greatness.
Two more athletes
are about to face off.
It's the NASCAR trailblazer,
Brehanna Daniels,
and the unstoppable
swim coach, Jackie Wood.
Now, neither of your wins
came easy,
and it's not going to get
any easier.
Mount Olympus is unforgiving.
You both know that.
But I know you're
going to dig deep,
fight through your fatigue,
and hold nothing back.
So, Brehanna, Jackie,
it's time to get to work.
This is Mount Olympus.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Brehanna in the red.
Jackie in the blue.
Attack the wall!
[Alex] The 1,000-pound wall,
and you've got to give it
everything you got
to topple it.
Go, go, go!
Jackie knocks it down first,
but Brehanna's right behind.
Whoo! Whoo!
[Liam] They get to
the Gates of Olympus,
driving with their legs to get
that first one moving.
But it's getting heavier
with each additional gate.
[grunts]
[Alex] Just imagine
the power it takes
to press 450 pounds
up a ski slope.
This is a tight race.
Come on, ladies.
And now we move on
to the Rolling Ascent,
and if you're Brehanna,
her job in NASCAR
takes quick reflexes
and agility.
Exactly what she
needs here, but oh!
She's spinning out, Liam.
[grunts]
[Liam] Same thing
on the other side for Jackie.
She's three deep, looking good,
and now scoot
past the next couple.
[dramatic music]
[grunts]
Jackie, so close from
completing the Rolling Ascent.
[grunts]
[Alex] And both women do it
at the same time,
and this match
couldn't be any closer
-heading to The Cliffs!
-Yes, go, go, go!
[Liam] Tight, tense, and now
it's time to punch, kick,
elbow, anything and everything
you've got
to create holes in this wall
so you can scale it.
[Alex] Jackie starts
her climb first.
Brehanna being
a little more cautious.
Come on, ladies.
Punch through. Punch through.
[grunts]
[Liam] It looks
like it's Jackie
who's going to be
first up the wall.
[grunts]
-Yes, yes, yes, go.
-Let's go!
But it is still
so close, Liam.
Brehanna Daniels is just
a few feet from the top.
You got it, girl!
You got this!
Jackie Wood makes her way
over to raise the torch.
600 pounds!
This will take
everything Jackie has.
And Brehanna's not there yet.
That's 12 feet down.
We've seen bad falls
here before.
Let's go, Brehanna.
[Liam] Brehanna
just up over The Cliff.
[Alex] Now is the time.
600 pounds that they
have to bring up.
[grunts]
[Liam] Look at Jackie.
This swim coach
is having to throw
her whole body into the crank.
[Alex] But don't forget
about Brehanna Daniels.
She destroyed Uprising,
so we know she's strong.
Jackie Wood is the first one
to complete the Torch,
and now she's heading
down the mountain!
Come on! Get down here to me!
[grunts]
[Alex] Brehanna Daniels,
still struggling
to bring up that torch.
The Descent, three walls,
the first one five feet,
then six feet, then seven.
[dramatic music]
[grunts]
[Alex] Jackie's having
a little trouble
at that six-foot wall.
This might buy Brehanna
a little time to catch up.
[Liam] Brehanna is doing
everything she can.
Now it's turning, and now
the torch is about to go up.
But Coach Jackie is coming
down that final slide.
[Alex] Jackie Wood
has scaled down Mount Olympus,
and now it is time
for the Ball and Chain.
Go, Jacqueline! Let's go!
[grunts]
[Alex] And now
here comes Brehanna!
Here we go, Brehanna.
Here we go.
It's time
for this NASCAR tire queen
to burn some rubber.
[grunts]
[yells]
Get it!
[dramatic music]
Come on, Brehanna!
Get down here, Brehanna!
[Liam] You see just how tough
this is. 200 pounds,
and it is slow going
for Jackie right now.
[Alex] Brehanna's coming down
the mountain,
but she still needs
to find another gear.
[grunts]
Jackie Wood is
hacking away at the tomb.
Brehanna has to hurry up!
She has to gain speed!
Because our swim coach
is turning the lid
of that Tomb into rubble.
[Liam] Brehanna is
coming down to the floor.
She's not done yet,
but Jackie Wood
is right there.
-[Alex] She has it!
-Oh, my God.
[Liam] She's got the relic!
Come on.
[Alex] Jackie Wood
has locked it in,
and she is your next Titan.
[cheers and applause]
-Congratulations.
-Oh, my God.
-That was amazing.
-Congratulations.
-It was so awesome.
-You were amazing.
-Thank you so much.
Oh, my God, she did it.
[Liam] Doubt yourself
no longer, Jackie Wood,
-because you're a Titan.
-Attagirl! Attagirl!
-Let me get up there.
-Do it!
[cheers and applause]
That's how you do it. Yeah!
You were amazing.
[Liam] Brehanna Daniels,
a courageous run
that would have
made her Mom proud,
but it's Jackie Wood
who gets the win.
-Jackie, congratulations.
-Oh, my God.
-Thank you so much.
-You're a Titan.
-This means so much to me.
-Aw.
[dramatic music]
All right, it's two athletes
with extreme power and passion.
I chose them for a reason,
and they proved me right
by dominating their challenges
earlier tonight.
Going up against Matt,
he's a strong competitor.
He beat my brother, you know?
[Alex] Kyle Lucas
has to catch Matt Welbourn.
Tonight I got to avenge
my brother's loss.
I've sent home
that first brother,
and I'm going
to send home the next.
[Alex] Matthew Welbourn!
[as Schwarzenegger]
Tyler, I'm coming for you.
I'm going to pump you up!
Matt, Tyler,
you've both made your families
very, very proud tonight,
and I know you both
want to leave here a Titan
more than anything.
So right now, I want you
to shift into gears
you thought you never had
and give it everything you got.
-Let's go, Tyler!
-This is Mount Olympus.
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Matt in the red.
Tyler in the blue.
[barking]
Oh! Oh!
[Alex] Tyler tackled
that thing down.
Now Matt's through,
and they charge right
into the Gates of Olympus.
Wow.
[grunts]
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Tyler Lucas is plowing
right through that,
and Matt's right on his heels.
Let's go, Tyler!
Run, run, run!
[Alex] Now it's on
to the Rolling Ascent,
and Tyler Lucas
on his hands and knees.
It's like he's floating up
the rollers, wow!
[grunts]
Matt Welbourn,
he's got to make up ground.
Now it's over
to The Cliffs.
Tyler, Tyler, Tyler!
Matt Welbourn, he's stuck.
He can't seem to get over.
-Let's go, Matt!
-Come on, Matt! Let's go!
Go, go, go, go, go.
Come on!
[Liam] Look at this strategy.
Matt's actually rolling
the log forward
to help carry him over.
Tyler on The Cliffs,
making his way.
[grunts]
[Alex] And Matt's
roller technique worked!
But now he's going to need
some blunt force at the wall,
because for Tyler, family honor
is on the line here.
[grunts]
There we go.
[Liam] Tyler, trying
to raise that torch.
The rope, it will tighten up,
and you will feel the weight.
That's 600 pounds,
three times
what Tyler weighs.
[Alex] You see Matt's
still on The Cliffs.
He was pushing to catch up
and punched those holes
way too big.
[grunts]
And Tyler,
the Air Force sergeant,
raises the Torch!
Let's go! Bring it home!
Bring it home!
[Liam] And now
it's The Descent.
There are three walls--
five feet, six feet,
and seven feet.
Tyler needs to keep pushing,
because with Matt's strength,
you know he'll have plenty
of power for that crank.
[grunts]
Tyler, get down here. Come on.
[Alex] Tyler Lucas
flew 6,000 miles
from Germany to be here.
Flying like the Air Force
down Mount Olympus.
And his next stop's
the Ball and Chain.
Come on, bro! Let's go!
He wants some payback
for his brother's defeat.
He's not done yet.
Look at that.
Look at that strength!
[Liam] 250 pounds,
and Tyler is backing it up.
He was a college quarterback.
You know
those arms have power.
Come on, Tyler.
Come on.
[grunts]
-[Alex] Here comes Matt.
-Go, Matt! Go, go, go!
If he doesn't get down there,
it's hasta la vista, baby!
[dramatic music]
[Liam] Tyler Lucas,
pounding away at the tomb.
[Alex] Matt's making his way
down the mountain,
-but Tyler has broken through.
-Let's go, Tyler! Come on.
He wanted to avenge
his brother.
He wanted to be the one Lucas
to reign over them all.
Ladies and gentleman,
Tyler Lucas is your Titan!
[cheers and applause]
[Kyle] There we go.
Let's go! Let's go, baby!
Come on. Congratulations.
-Thank you.
-Great job.
Go see your family.
Let's go! Let's go!
I love you, man.
I'm proud of you.
[Alex] He came
to The Titan Games
hoping to beat his brother.
Instead he got to defend
his family's honor.
[Liam] The little bro gets the
big win for the Lucas family,
and now he's a Titan.
[dramatic music]
Ah, congratulations, brother,
and thank you for your service.
-Hey, I appreciate it, sir.
-Very proud of you.
-Thank you.
-Tequila's on me.
Oh, hell, yeah, let's go.
[Liam] Jackie and Tyler
are our newest Titans,
and next week,
we'll crown two more.
In a few weeks,
they'll all compete
in the Battle of the Titans.
We'll see you next week
on The Titan Games.
Let's go!
[dramatic music]